monday.com Legal Portal
Skip to main content
Skip to footer
Search
Try these: privacydataservices
Legal overview
Legal overview
Terms & policies
Terms of Service
Acceptable Use Policy
Additional Services Terms
Service Level Agreement for Enterprise Plan
Copyright Policy
Apple Distributor Requirements and Usage Rules
monday AI Terms and Conditions
AI Acceptable Use Policies
Privacy
Sub-Processors, Subsidiaries & Support
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Data Processing Addendum (DPA)
Customer Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC)
(Controller to Processors)
Customer Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) (Processor to Processor)
HIPAA Business Associate Agreement
monday.com & the GDPR
monday.com & the CCPA
monday.com & the Australian Privacy Act
monday.com & Brazil’s LGPD
monday.com & Canada’s PIPEDA
monday.com & Japan’s APPI
Products & services
monday.com Notetaker Beta Terms and Conditions
Certified Expert Catalog
monday.com Academy Certification Program Terms and Conditions
monday Spaces Terms of Use
WorkCanvas Terms and Conditions
Specific Services Terms
Marketplace & developers
Marketplace Terms of Service
Developer Terms
Marketplace listings Terms
monday code Terms and Conditions
Compliance & ethics
Vendor Code of Conduct
Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Policy
monday.com Reporting Hotline
Equal Pay Public Report (Israel) for 2021
Equal Pay Public Report (Israel) for 2022
Equal Pay Public Report (Israel) for 2023
Equal Pay Public Report (Israel) for 2024
Events Code of Conduct
monday.com Modern Slavery Act Statement 2024
monday.com Modern Slavery Act Statement 2025
Miscellaneous
monday.com Event Terms and Conditions
monday dev Startup Program Terms and Conditions
Impressum (Germany)
Terms of service
The agreement between monday.com and its users that governs the services we provide.
Privacy policy
Our policy describing how we collect and use personal data of individuals who use our services or interact with our websites.
Security & privacy trust center
Our security program ensures that your data is safe.
Code of Ethics and Conduct
Acceptable Use Policy
Data Processing Addendum
Sub-Processors, Subsidiaries & Support
Frequently asked questions
Do you offer your customers a Data Processing Addendum (DPA)?
Yes, monday.com’s Data Processing Addendum is available at the following link.
Where is account data stored?
monday.com stores data in data centers located in the US, Germany, and Australia. Data is stored in the data center closest to the location of the first user who created the account. It is important to note that some of your data may be stored in a different region by our sub-processors. To learn more about where your account is stored, please check out our “Data residency” article. Additionally, you can find information on the hosting regions of our sub-processors on our Sub-Processors Page.
What is monday.com doing to comply with the GDPR, CCPA, PIPEDA, LGPD, the Australian Privacy Act and Principles & HIPAA?
The following articles detail our commitment to compliance and investment in protecting our customers and individual data subjects: GDPR, CCPA, PIPEDA, LGPD, the Australian Privacy Act and Principles.
Where can I find information about Data Subject rights and user deletion?
monday.com provides tools to help its customers respond to privacy requests. You can check out our article on “How to manage users in your account” for more details.